The important thing to ask yourself
clarify any doubts with your
doctor before making any decision
really the best medicine is
information
and as information it never hurts to live
well went to the diagnostic core for
show how a
magnetic resonance imaging which is now one of
exams used by doctors
because it is able to show
images in any
organ from any angle of our door.
cameras can not get past this
room has a huge magnetic field it is
a magnetic field that does the translation
to images on your computer by
wave or electromagnetic waves through the
radio frequency
to get an idea of ​​the magnetic field
of a resonance device is 30
50 thousand times the earth's magnetic field
the patients who come here beyond
need to be fasting
you have to get rid of all objects
after all, they can disrupt the
exam with everything prepared
You can start during the exam.
depending on the region evaluated the patient
has multiple positions
the patient is lying down or on the stomach
down or up by entering the
feet or else coming in with the head
inside the resonance apparatus
that is a tube
people are very afraid of being a
tube and tells you that the tube is closed but
open at both ends and the patient
lies motionless and can not move
during the entire exam for the exams
well done to the image the doctor is clear
for the radiologist to give a
100% real diagnosis people with
claustrophobia may need up to
sedation of our unity of our
clinical patients having with the trophy
bia is we always guide before the
exam
life our unity and see our
machine is the patient tries to make a
attempt to do without sedation
if the patient can not do it
an
in progress with sedation the patient has
that coming with us makes a bad
Symmetry in the patient we give the whole
support in the chat goes to see high blood pressure
if you have hypertension or not and
people do prass control and give that
this patient is sedated in our
drive and relax and relax is not in this
day he gets very relaxed and tries to do
the exam
result delivered well the rest of the
Work stays with your doctor.